readme (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/filemanager-open-pdf-image: README.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T1055324)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# The file manager for Web Forms - How to open PDF files and images in a popup window

> This example demonstrates how to use the [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager), [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework), and [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage) controls to open **PDF** files and images in a [popup window](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework).

Reviewer: The way this sentence progresses, it seems like you use a File Manager, a Panel, and an Image to create a Popup Window functionality. I'd rather separate the thought into two. File Manager displays files. That's one thing on its own. You can display the files somewhere else and still use the rest of components to display popup windows. And the popup is the second part (you need three other components for that). 

So this turned out to be three sentences in my version. 

```suggestion
This example uses an [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) to display folder contents. Users can click image and PDF files to preview their content in a popup window. The preview functionality uses [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework),  [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage), and [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) controls. 
```

Author: Okay, thanks!

Author: ```suggestion
This example uses an [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) to display folder contents. Users can click image and **PDF** files to preview their content in a popup window. The preview functionality uses [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework),  [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage), and [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) controls. 
```

> ![Sample](./Sample.png)

Reviewer: A few notes about the image. 

- It should have borders of some sort. 
- I don't easily see the connection between file thumbnails and the popup window content. I'd rather see an image preview - because it's easy to associate a little image with a big image. 
- The current file displays awards from year 2013 - eight years ago... You won't have this problem with an image preview. 
- The popup control's header section simply says "Header". At least change it to "Preview". The best case is if you can display something like this "Preview: ExportedDocument.pdf". The latter is especially useful if you want to stick with a PDF file preview.

Author: I've changed the image and the code. Thank you!

> This example uses an [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) to display folder contents. Users can click image and **PDF** files to preview their content in a popup window. The preview functionality uses [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework),  [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage), and [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) controls. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses an [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) to display folder contents. Users can click image and **PDF** files to preview their content in a pop-up window. The preview functionality uses the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework),  [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage), and [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) controls. 
```

Author: Thank you!

## Files to Look At

* [Default.aspx](./CS/OpenPdfOrImage/Default.aspx) (VB: [Default.aspx](./VB/OpenPdfOrImage/Default.aspx))

* [Default.aspx.cs](./CS/OpenPdfOrImage/Default.aspx.cs) (VB: [Default.aspx.vb](./VB/OpenPdfOrImage/Default.aspx.vb))

## Implementation Details

> The [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) control allows users to manage files. This example handles the [ASPxFileManager.SelectedFileOpened](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientFileManager.SelectedFileOpened) event to determine the opened file's type. 

Reviewer: The first sentence is too generic - it is more suitable for the class description than for the section titled Implementation Details. In this section, I expect text that is specific to this demo. In addition to that you end a paragraph with "determine the file type". This gives me the impression that this is all the handler does. 

```suggestion
The [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) displays a list of image and PDF files. When users attempt to open a file, the control raises the [ASPxFileManager.SelectedFileOpened](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientFileManager.SelectedFileOpened) event. The handler determines the file type and shows the preview. 
```

Author: I'd like to put "PDF" in bold
```suggestion
The [ASPxFileManager](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxFileManager) displays a list of image and **PDF** files. When users attempt to open a file, the control raises the [ASPxFileManager.SelectedFileOpened](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/js-ASPxClientFileManager.SelectedFileOpened) event. The handler determines the file type and shows the preview. 
```

> Depending on the file type, the handler manipulates the following controls contained in the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework) control:

Reviewer: I'm trying to change the order a bit, to make it a little more straightforward:

```suggestion
The handler activates the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl?p=netframework) and displays one of the following embedded controls depending on the file type:
```

> 1. The [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage) control - Displays images.

Reviewer: I don't like the punctuation here: the hyphen followed by a complete sentence, starting with a capital letter. 

You also better use an unordered list. The order or number of items are not important here.

```suggestion
- The [ASPxImage](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxImage) control. Displays images.
```

Author: Sounds good, thanks!

> 2. The [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) control - Uses the [`<embed>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/embed) element to display **PDF** files.

Reviewer: Same comments as for the previous list item. 

```suggestion
- The [ASPxPanel](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPanel?p=netframework) control. Uses the [`<embed>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/embed) element to display **PDF** files.
```
